add admon about package sync (#454)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/client-configuration/pages/clients-centos.adoc

====

[NOTE]
====

> You might notice some disparity in the number of packages available in the Appstream channel between upstream and {scc}.
> This is due to the way that {centos} manages their repositories.
> Synchronizing with {scc} will install all required packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might notice some disparity in the number of packages available in the Appstream channel between upstream and SUSE Manager Channel.
This is due to the way that {centos} manages their repositories.
{centos} removes older version of packages when a new version was released. SUSE Manager collect all of them.
You will also see different numbers when you compare the same channel added at a different point in time.
```

Feel free to improve :-)

====

[NOTE]
====
You might notice some disparity in the number of packages available in the Appstream channel between upstream and the {productname} channel.
You might also see different numbers if you compare the same channel added at a different point in time.
This is due to the way that {centos} manages their repositories.

> {centos} removes older version of packages when a new version is released, while {productname} lists all of them, regardless of age.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{centos} removes older version of packages when a new version is released, while {productname} keep all of them, regardless of age.
```
